---
layout: post
class: blog-entry
title: "Post One"
excerpt: "This is the first thing I'm going to talk about on my new blog!"
date: 2020-07-15
readingtime: ~10 minutes
permalink: /blog/:title
tags: dramatic
---


This is the first line of my post, and it tells you a bit about what the dealis.

You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve --watch`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext` and includes the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

> The npm install command will take several minutes to run depending on internet speed minutes to run depending on internet speed
{:.question}

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

> The npm install command will take several minutes to run depending on internet speed
{:.answer}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll’s dedicated Help repository][jekyll-help].

[jekyll]:      http://jekyllrb.com
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-help]: https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help

> The npm install command will take several minutes to run depending on internet speed